Added Resource Importing Document and Templates for Labs (#147)
aws-samples/cfn101-workshop: workshop/content/intermediate/operations/resource-importing/_index.md

### Challenge

In this exercise, you will need to use the knowledge gained from lab parts 1, 2, and 3 to complete the provided task. You are tasked with solving the following issue: one of the resources in a CloudFormation template, an EC2 instance, has a property value that was modified outside of CloudFormation as a result of a human error. You will troubleshoot and solve this issue, so that you can continue maintaining your desired resource configuration with CloudFormation.

Let’s start with a template that has an EC2 instance and a S3 bucket resource.

To begin the challenge,  follow the steps below:

1. Change directory to `code/workspace/resource-importing`.
2. Open the `resource-import-challenge.yaml` file.
3. Add the code below to the `resource-import-challenge.yaml` template, and save the file.

```yaml
Parameters:
  LatestAmiId:
    Type: AWS::SSM::Parameter::Value<AWS::EC2::Image::Id>
    Default: /aws/service/ami-amazon-linux-latest/amzn2-ami-hvm-x86_64-gp2

>     Description: Fetching the latest AMI ID for Amazon Linux

Author: Made the changes as suggested

11. Choose **Import Resources** in the next page.

{{% /expand %}}

You can find the template for the solution in the `code/solutions/resource-importing/resource-import-challenge-solution.yaml` example template.

Great work! You have now learned how to match the CloudFormation stack configuration with the actual configuration on the resource when there is an out of band change.

**Use Cases:**

1. You created an AWS resource (for example S3 bucket) manually 2 years ago and you would like to manage it using AWS CloudFormation.
2. You want to bring certain types of resources into a single stack for easier management (for example, IAM Role resources).
3. You have two separate stacks, and you want to bring them into a single stack by nesting stacks. Refer to this [document](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/resource-import-nested-stacks.html) for nesting an existing stack.
4. You want to match the CloudFormation configuration for a resource which was updated out of band.

### Cleanup

Choose to follow cleanup steps shown next to cleanup resources you created with this lab:

> 

Reviewer: Add a preliminary step where you direct the user in updating each of the 3 templates and remove`DeletionPolicy` attributes, and updating relevant stacks first.  Otherwise, removing stacks as they are now will retain resources.

Author: Added steps for removing Deletion Policy by updating the stack and then cleaning them up.

* Each resource you import must have a `DeletionPolicy` [attribute](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-attribute-deletionpolicy.html) described for it: specify this attribute for your SNS resource, and specify `Retain` for the attribute value. When you use a `Retain` value for the `DeletionPolicy` attribute, you indicate to retain the resource when you remove it from the stack, or when you delete the stack.
* Copy the code below, append it to the `resource-importing.yaml` file, and save the file:

```yaml
Parameters:
  Topic1Name:
    Type: String
    Default: Topic1

>     Description: Name of the first SNS topic you created manually using the SNS console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Name of the first Amazon SNS topic you created with the Amazon SNS console.
```

### Lab Part 2

In this lab, you will learn how to import a resource into an existing stack. To get started, follow steps below:

1. Navigate to [SNS console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/sns/) to create a second SNS Topic. Follow steps you used on lab part 1 earlier, and specify **Topic2** for the name of your new topic.
2. When your topic is successfully created, take a note of its [**Amazon Resource Name (ARN)**](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) under the **Details** section for `Topic2`; you will use this information later on in this lab. An example ARN pattern is `arn:aws:sns:us-east-1:123456789012:MyTopic`.
3. Copy the example below, and **append it to the `Parameters` section** of the `resource-importing.yaml` template, that you used for the previous lab:

```yaml
  Topic2Name:
    Type: String
    Default: Topic2

>     Description: Name of the second SNS topic you created manually using the SNS console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Name of the second Amazon SNS topic you created with the Amazon SNS console.
```

12. In the next page, choose **Import resources**.

Your stack status will show `IMPORT_COMPLETE` once your SNS topic is successfully imported into your stack.

Congratulations! You have learned how to import a resource into an existing stack! For more information, see also [Import an existing resource into a stack using the AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/resource-import-existing-stack.html#resource-import-existing-stack-cli) in the documentation.

### Lab Part 3

In this part of the lab, you will learn how to [move resources between stacks](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/refactor-stacks.html). You will remove the `SNSTopic1` resource from the `resource-importing` stack, and you will import it into a new one; please note that since you specified `Retain` for the `DeletionPolicy` attribute of `SNSTopic1`, the `SNSTopic1` resource will not be deleted when you will update the stack:

1. Remove the code below from the **Parameters** section of the `resource-importing.yaml` template you used for lab part 2:

```yaml
  Topic1Name:
    Type: String
    Default: Topic1

>     Description: Name of the first SNS topic you created manually using SNS console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Name of the first Amazon SNS topic you created with the Amazon SNS console.
```

    DeletionPolicy: Retain
    Type: AWS::SNS::Topic
    Properties:
      TopicName: !Ref Topic1Name
```

3. Navigate to the [AWS CloudFormation Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/).
4. Select the stack named `resource-importing` and choose **Update**.
5. Choose **Replace current template** and upload the `resource-importing.yaml` template. Choose **Next**.
6. In the parameters section, choose to accept the parameter value for `Topic2Name` as `Topic2`. Choose **Next**.
7. Choose to accept default values in the **Configure stack options** page, and choose **Next**.
8. Choose **Update stack** in the next page.
9. To confirm the removal of `SNSTopic1` resource from the stack, select the `resource-importing` stack and choose **Resources**. You should see only one resource: `SNSTopic2`.

Choose to import the `SNSTopic1` resource into a new stack::

1. Make sure you are in the `code/workspace/resource-importing` directory.
2. Open the `moving-resources.yaml` template file with your favorite text editor.
3. Append the example below to the `moving-resources.yaml` template, and save it.

```yaml
Parameters:
  Topic1Name:
    Type: String
    Default: Topic1

>     Description: Name of the first SNS topic you created manually using the SNS console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Name of the first Amazon SNS topic you created with the Amazon SNS console.
```

6. Read the **Import Overview** and choose **Next**.
7. From **Specify template**, choose **Upload a template file**. Upload the `moving-resources.yaml` template and choose **Next.**
8. For the [**Identifier Value**](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/resource-import.html#resource-import-overview), specify the topic ARN value you noted after you created `Topic1`.
9. Enter a **Stack name**. For example, specify `moving-resources`. Make sure you specify `Topic1` for the `Topic1Name` parameter.
10. Choose **Import Resources** in the next page.

The stack status will show `IMPORT_COMPLETE` once your Amazon SNS topic is successfully imported into your stack.

Congratulations! You have learned how to move resources between stacks.

{{% notice note %}}
To revert an import operation for a given resource, first set the `DeletionPolicy` to `Retain` for the resource in your template, and then update the stack to apply the change. Next, remove the resource from the template, and update the stack again: in doing so, you will remove the resource from your stack, but you retain the resource.
{{% /notice %}}

### **Best Practices while importing a resource**

> 1. To fetch the properties of an existing resource, use the AWS Management Console page for the relevant AWS service, or use a _Describe_ API call to describe the resource and fetch properties you want to include in the resource definition. For example, use the `aws ec2 describe-instances` [CLI command (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-instances.html) to describe your Amazon EC2 instance you want to import, using the instance ID as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To fetch the properties of an existing resource, use the AWS Management Console page for the relevant AWS service, or use a _Describe_ API call to describe the resource and fetch properties you want to include in the resource definition. For example, use the `aws ec2 describe-instances` [CLI command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/ec2/describe-instances.html) to describe your Amazon EC2 instance you want to import, using the instance ID as shown in the following example:
```
